Task: to develop software to make decisions on the control of a compressor, four-way valve and a fan of two air conditioners based on the temperature information in several key places

Scheme of heating installation type "Air-water heat pump":

The installation consists of 2 plate heat exchangers (HE), which are connected in parallel to the inlet and outlet of the heating water.
For each of the heat exchangers - the system must control the outdoor units of air conditioners (two pieces) based on commands from another control system and temperature data of: water inlet, water outlet, agent HE1 inlet, agent HE1 outlet, agent HE2 inlet, agent HE2 outlet, compressor 1, evaporator 1, compressor 2, evaporator 2, external environment.

The software must decide on the control of the compressor, the four-way valve and the fan of the two outdoor units so as to execute the command "need for heat - low power" and "need for heat - high power".

The difference in the above powers is whether it is allowed to activate both outdoor units at the same time - at low power the system must control the end elements so that at any given time the maximum power consumed is from a maximum of one outdoor unit.
For high power - the system is free to activate both outdoor units simultaneously.
As part of the control - the system makes decisions independently for the mode of operation of the air conditioners (heating, cooling - for defrosting), the need to activate the fan, which of the outdoor units to use (switching is as infrequent as possible).

The system operation commands are received via a dedicated information channel and must be checked at least once every 10 seconds. The system can be sure that when a heating command is given - the water in the installation circulates.

The controller must read the temperatures from the sensors at least once a minute, and either store this information locally or send it to a remote system.

For better control, temperature readings can be read more often - as long as the sensors allow it.

Controller operating modes:
• water heating at low power - maximum one body;
• water heating at high power - maximum two bodies;
• in "heating" mode - the system assumes as a fact that the heating water circulates through the plate heat exchangers;
• in "heating" mode - the system controls everything in its control;
• off / standby - normal mode in the absence of the command "heating"